An exception occurred during execution of PowerShell data collector.
AFFECTED OBJECTSLast Reported Date
DRWPHEEF17DP53.HASILEX.GOV.MY
Fri Jan 03 2020
DRWPHEEF17DP51.HASILEX.GOV.MY
Fri Jan 03 2020
DRWPHEEF17DP52.HASILEX.GOV.MY
Fri Jan 03 2020
PRIORITIZATION GUIDANCE
Impact:  High Impact Probability:  Very High Effort:  Moderate Effort
HOW TO TROUBLESHOOT
To complete the assessment with the accurate results, you will need to configure all in-scope target machines for Powershell remoting.

PowerShell on the tools machine is used to scan the servers for installed security patches as well as audit policy configuration.

Windows Update Agent must be running on target computers for the security update scan
PowerShell version 2 or greater is required on target computers and comes installed by default starting with Windows Server 2008 R2.  For Windows Server 2008 SP2, PowerShell version 2 is not installed by default. It is available for download at https://aka.ms/wmf3download
Additional requirements for Windows Server 2008-2012 R2 (or later if defaults modified) Target Machines: 

The following three items must be configured on target computers to support data collection: PowerShell Remoting, WinRM service and Listener, and Inbound Allow Firewall Rules.

Note1: Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Server 2016 have WinRM and PowerShell remoting enabled by default. The following configuration steps detailed below will only need to be implemented if the default configuration for target machines has been altered.

Note 2:  Windows Server 2008Windows Server 2012 have WinRM disabled by default. The following settings will need to be configured to support PowerShell Remoting:

Execute Enable-PSRemoting Powershell cmdlet on each target machine within the scope of the assessment. This one command will configure PS-Remoting, WinRM service and listener, and enable required Inbound FW rules. A detailed description of everything Enable-PSRemoting does is documented here.
OR

Configure WinRM / PowerShell remoting via Group Policy (Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Windows Remote Management (WinRM)\WinRM Service)
In 2008 R2 its “Allow automatic configuration of listeners”.
In 2012 R2 (and later) its “Allow remote server management through WinRM”.
Configure WinRM service for automatic start via Group Policy (Computer Configuration\Policies\Windows Settings\Security Settings\SystemServices)
Define Windows Remote Management (WS-Management) service for Automatic startup mode
Configure Inbound allow Firewall Rules: This can be done individually in the local firewall policy of every in-scope target computer or via a group policy which allow communication from the tools machine.